make IGrammar abstract classes
also INounPhrase, IVerbPhrase

I think it's best to work with string replacement patterns, NounPhrases & VerbPhrases.
can have patterns for stock sentences "You died."

best to provide translators an organized spreadsheet of phrases & sentences
to work with, instead of the xml files
  although we'll want to indicate context as well! context matters!

- gnarf's new _S() and _T():
  provide access to a lookup table of vocab, phrases, and sentence patterns.
  gnarf is changing in-code bare strings & string-building to use this instead

VariableReplacers.cs:
  used for parsing template patterns like "You eat =fooditem.t=."
  each language will have its own VariableReplacers with a Grammar,
    both tuned to suit that language's needs

Base Forms
  both NounPhrases and VerbPhrases should have "base forms" for a language
    could be the dictionary form or a particularly good "stem" inflection,
    that provides the most salient information.
  Languages with gender should have base form like "definite-article noun":
    "der Hund", "die Katze", "el perro", "la tortuga", "le chien", "la tortue"
    WHETHER OR NOT it will be using the definite article

functionality a Grammar may need:
  identify if a word starts with a vowel *sound*
    for situations where preceding word (e.g. "a/an") depends on it
  irregular pluralization
  absent or rare pluralization
  when plurals exist but aren't required in some contexts (Turkish)
  different handling of plurals for small quantities vs larger (Russian 2-4,5+)
  rules for when words are Capitalized (see: German nouns)
  some languages drop pronouns when verb conjugation provides the context
  sentence ordering: SVO, SOV, etc.
  marking a topic/focus of a sentence
  vowel harmony (Turkish)
  formal vs informal "you"
  categorizing by grammatical gender
    MIGHT have semi-regular word endings for genders with some exceptions (de),
    OR might reuse the same word with diff gender for diff meaning (fr),
    so best to provide a noun's gender up-front
  categorizing (usually people & their animals) by the individual's gender
    which can occur in languages with or without grammatical gender
  languages vary on support for neopronouns & gender-neutral inclusion
    https://nonbinary.wiki/wiki/Gender_neutral_language
  some languages use prepositions, some particles, some cases
  definite/indefinite articles? not all have them
  whether adjectives go before the noun or after
  noun-phrase words that must agree with noun's gender/number/case/etc.
    e.g. articles, demonstratives, adjectives
  phrasal verbs and how they may be split
  what needs to be marked to indicate possession relationships (e.g. "your hat")
    may mark possesser, possessee, or both!
  expected contractions (e.g. German "in dem" -> "im", "in das" -> "ins")
  different sentence patterns when involving you/in-group member (Japanese)
  whether an event was witnessed or hearsay

  Some concepts are expressed with a different grammar structure,
    like adjective vs verb vs noun (e.g. "I am hungry" vs "Ich habe Hunger")
